How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

It did really heled me to pinpoint a specific line out of over 1k of them.	

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I could easily see how my code has progressed. If in some point I stops
    working, I can just try out the older versions.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    One of the most logical pro would be that files will have most logical 
    save point from, where the program will still compile.
    Problems with this method are quite simple like forgetting to save your
    progress or just the time it takes to do that.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Other tipes of version sontrol systems are targeted to the average consumer,
    which do not have specific needs and do not work with a lot of files that 
    are linked together somehow. On the other hand, it is perfect for programmer
    who is working on huge project to have every file saved at once, since 
    changes can only make sense when they are linked with other files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Using git log you can see all the previous versions of the file and the comments that were attached to it.
    With git diff you can see the differences between these files.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

   By using git checkout you can easily test the previous versions for the 
   specific bug you may encounter. By that you can figure out wher something
   went wrong. By doing that there is no danger of ruining a current project.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would like to try configuring my bash profile a little bit more. Ofcourse I want to start using git for all of my projects.
    Just to get used to it and to be able post my projects on GitHub.
