When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    It is usefull to have a remote repository when you do your project from multiple computers,
    want to have a copy of your data or if you're just doing a project with multiple people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    As it was said in one of the lessons, you might not want to everyone to see not finished feature. 
    So you are better pusshing everything when it is done.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

   Forks are used to clone another repository inside a github. It is best used when you want to modify someones 
   rep and to continue changing it yourself inside your github account.
   Clones may be used inside you'r own mashine or from github to your mashine. It is useful when you want a copy 
   of another project.
   Branches are just an optional route of project. It may be a feature or whole new route of development. They are usefull
   when you're working on a huge projects or on project with several other developers.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    By having that you can look through the changes that were made and try to implement them on to your code. Or even you can
    merge you'r own changes to the remote.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    It would be a lot harder. First of all, I would have to send different files to other person
    only because the one I have has a little modification. Then the person should find it and
    make it work with their code. Using git and github makes everything a lot easier.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    First of all, making changes in master would be a lot easier when using github, but it can't be this way always. 
    There are times when you need to try something out or just have two alternate versions of the same thing and these
    are the times when you create a separate branch.
